=head1 NAME

aa_monitor changelog

=head1 VERSIONS

=head2 1.1.3

=over

=item * module L<B<IOIPTV>|P9::AA::Check::IOIPTV>: new parameter B<min_byteps>, refactoring

=item * module L<B<RTSP>|P9::AA::Check::RTSP>: changed DESCRIBE/SETUP/PLAY command order

=item * module L<B<HTTPSmoothStreaming>|P9::AA::Check::HTTPSmoothStreaming>: new tri state parameters:
B<require_audio>, B<require_video>.

=item * modules L<B<HTTPSmoothStreaming>|P9::AA::Check::HTTPSmoothStreaming>,
L<B<HTTPLiveStreaming>|P9::AA::Check::HTTPLiveStreaming>: added missing host_header, headerHost
support.

=back

=head2 1.1.2

=over

=item * new module L<B<HTTPSmoothStreaming>|P9::AA::Check::HTTPSmoothStreaming>

=item * new module L<B<HTTPLiveStreaming>|P9::AA::Check::HTTPLiveStreaming>

=item * module L<B<DNS>|P9::AA::Check::DNS> and all it's derived modules now support new parameters:
B<debug_dns>, B<srcaddr>, B<srcport>.

=item * modules L<B<DNSZone>|P9::AA::Check::DNSZone> and L<B<DNSZoneConsistency>|P9::AA::Check::DNSZoneConsistency> now
accept comma separated list of zone names in B<zone> parameter. 

=item * module L<B<JSON>|P9::AA::Check::JSON> now supports json structure checks using regular expressions with
parameters B<content_pattern> and B<content_pattern_match>

=item * module L<B<Memory>|P9::AA::Check::Memory> fixed completely b0rken memory usage calculation

=item * module L<B<RTSP>|P9::AA::Check::RTSP> implemented connection caching, complete RTSP request is now
sent using single print() call.

=item * module L<B<XML>|P9::AA::Check::XML> now supports XML structure checks using regular expressions with
parameters B<content_pattern> and B<content_pattern_match>

=item * Added Win32, OS/2 support to L<P9::AA::Config>

=back

=head2 1.1.1

=over

=item * new module L<B<ArecaRAID>|P9:AA::Check::ArecaRAID> - L<Areca|http://www.areca.com.tw> hardware RAID checking module

=back

=head2 1.1.0

=over

=item * feature: command line/nagios/icinga client can now read check parameters in JSON format from file or stdin

=item * feature: command line client can now display readme, credits and changelog documentation

=item * new module L<B<ApacheSolr>|P9::AA::Check::ApacheSolr> - checks your L<Apache Solr|http://lucene.apache.org/solr> server :)

=item * new module L<B<HAProxy>|P9::AA::Check::HAProxy> - check your L<HAProxy|http://haproxy.wt1.eu> load balancer.

=item * new module L<B<StackedCheck>|P9::AA::Check::StackedCheck> - perform complex checks embeding other check modules.

=item * modules L<B<DBI>|P9::AA::Check::DBI>, L<B<DBIReplication>|P9::AA::Check::DBIReplication>; minor Icinga/Nagios related fixes (replace \; with ; in DSN specification).

=item * module L<B<DBIReplication>|P9::AA::Check::DBIReplication>: new parameters: B<table_name> - ability specify replication table name;
B<two_way> - two-way replication check

=item * module L<B<URL>|P9::AA::Check::URL>: new parameter: B<redirects> - maximum number of allowed redirects

=item * module: L<B<Mount>|P9::AA::Check::Mount> - implemented LABEL/UUID support on Linux platform

=item * module: L<B<Process>|P9::AA::Check::Process> - implemented parameter B<max_process_count>.

=item * helper module L<B<_Socket>|P9::AA::Check::_Socket>: Implemented L<B<IO::Socket::SSL>|IO::Socket::SSL> version <= B<1.44> warning

=item * new output renderer: L<B<Storable>|P9::AA::Renderer::STORABLE>

=item * HTML output renderer: display general L<B<Check>|P9::AA::Check> module doc if module was not specified.

=item * class L<B<CheckHarness>|P9::AA::CheckHarness> Fixed nasty old history loading bug. Custom keys were not preserved during reloads.

=item * some code refactoring

=back

=head2 1.0.5

=over

=item * new module: L<B<Mount>|P9::AA::Check::Mount> - check if all filesystems are mounted

=item * module L<B<FSUsage>|P9::AA::Check::FSUsage> - device names are not unique, code refactoring

=item * Daemon: really respect max_clients = 0

=item * HTML output renderer: Added readme, changelog and module POD hyperlinks to HTML output if enable_doc == true

=item * modules L<B<Time>|P9::AA::Check::Time>, L<B<Process>|P9::AA::Check::Process>: added toString() check description method.

=back

=head2 1.0.4

=over

=item * Daemon: B<max_clients = 0> disables max_clients limit, removed _cleanupStaleKids() checks
because it crashes perl <= 5.8.8 interpreter. 

=back

=head2 1.0.3

=over

=item * added CHANGELOG pod

=item * module: finished L<B<MongoDB>|P9::AA::Check::MongoDB>.

=item * module: finished L<B<MongoDBReplicaSet>|P9::AA::Check::MongoDBReplicaSet>.

=item * module L<B<DBIReplication>|P9::AA::Check::DBIReplication>:
Fixed minor typo that caused check to fail.

=item * config: added configuration parameter B<max_execution_time>

=item * basic daemon implementation

=over

=item * check for zombie kids (respect max_execution_time) before each accept()

=item * report what's going on in SIGCHLD handler in debug mode

=item * reconfigure logger on SIGHUP

=back

=back

=head2 1.0.2

=over

=item * bundled module L<Net::INET6Glue>

=item * Debian package fixes.

=back

=cut
